Remove references to exercises from concept docs. (#1758)
exercism/go: concepts/numbers/about.md

you require and the architecture of the computer where the application is
running (e.g. 32-bit and 64-bit).

> In this concept you will only be dealing with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This concept will concentrate on two number types:
```
